docs: clarify steps to enable FTV1 (#1941)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/apollo-telemetry.mdx

More information on usage reporting is available in the [Studio documentation](/studio/metrics/usage-reporting/).

## Enabling field-level instrumentation

> Field-level instrumentation (also know as FTV1 tracing) is off by default. To enable it, add this to your router configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field-level instrumentation (also known as FTV1 tracing) is disabled by default. To enable it, add the following to your router configuration:
```

```yaml
telemetry:
  apollo:

>     # This example will trace half of requests. This number cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # This example will trace half of requests. This number can't
```

    # be higher than tracing.trace_config.sampler.
    field_level_instrumentation_sampler: 0.5 
  tracing:
    trace_config:
      # FTV1 uses the same trace sampling as other tracing options,

>       # so this must be enabled as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # so this value must be set as well. 
```
